Increase the amount of documentation on how to use the new services f… (#312)
DataDog/chaos-controller: docs/network_disruption_hosts.md

# Network disruption: Specifying hosts and services

## Q: When should I specify hosts?

<p align="center"><kbd>
    <img src="../docs/img/network_hosts/notation_traffic.png" height=180 width=600 />
</kbd></p>

As with all disruptions, pods or nodes are targeted for injection if they satisfy the conditions of the label selector specified in the `selector` field. 
For network disruptions, we can also specify to only disrupt packets interacting with a particular host or set of hosts through the `network.hosts` field. We will refer to `network.hosts` field in the rest of the document as the `hosts` field.
The `hosts` field takes a list of `host`/`port`/`protocol` tuples. All three fields are optional.

<p align="center"><kbd>
    <img src="../docs/img/network_hosts/notation_egress.png" height=160 width=570 />
</kbd></p>

## Q: When should I specify services instead?

While the `network.hosts` field is meant for specifying only disrupting packets interacting with a particular IP, hostname, or CIDR range,

> a very common usecase of network disruptions is to disrupt packets interacting with a particular kubernetes service. This can be tricky for users,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a very common use case of network disruptions is to disrupt packets interacting with a particular kubernetes service. This can be tricky for users,
```
I thought usecase was its own word but apparently it's not 😿

> as NAT rules are applied before `tc` rules, and thus the port that a pod uses to send packets to a service is not ncessarily the same port used by the node in the root network namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as NAT rules are applied before `tc` rules, and thus the port that a pod uses to send packets to a service is not necessarily the same port used by the node in the root network namespace.
```
